feat(curriculum): add chp3 md2 sharing personal details (#64546)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/es-a1-learn-contact-information-and-spelling/693ae9b9770ede7468612b3e.md

---
id: 693ae9b9770ede7468612b3e
title: Task 19
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-19
lang: es
---

<!-- (Audio) Basti: El dominio es q-u-e-t-z-a-l punto g-t. -->

# --description--

In this task, you will hear Basti spell out the domain portion of his email address. 

> The word `dominio` refers to the **domain**, the part of an email or website address that comes after the `@` symbol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The word `dominio` refers to the "domain", the part of an email address that comes after the `arroba` (`@`) symbol.
```
